# Real Data Examples

The present directory contains examples of `Main` scripts of _FlexSIM_ applied to datasets freely available on the web. These datasets are extracted from a few relevant, recent, SIM-related publications presenting the reconstruction tools _FairSIM_, _HiFi-SIM_, _JSFR-SIM_, _ML-SIM_, and _OpenSIM_, as well as the imaging tool _MAI-SIM_. We present a total of 10 datasets, including Bead, Microtubule, Membrane, Endoplasmic, Tetraspeck, and Vesicle structures. Each of these datasets and their imaging parameters are individually described in their respective directory. The naming of the directory follows the convention _Citation_Technique_Structure_Cell_, where _Citation_ corresponds to the bibliography presented below. Illumination techniques incude standard SIM, TIRF-SIM, SLM-SIM and the recently developed MAI-SIM. 

[1] _fairSIM_, M. Müller, V. Mönkemöller, S. Hennig, W. Hübner, and T. Huser, “Open-source image reconstruction of super-resolution structured illumination microscopy data in ImageJ,” Nat Commun, vol. 7, no. 1, Art. no. 1, Mar. 2016, doi: 10.1038/ncomms10980.
[2] _HiFi-SIM_, G. Wen et al., “High-fidelity structured illumination microscopy by point-spread-function engineering,” Light Sci Appl, vol. 10, no. 1, Art. no. 1, Apr. 2021, doi: 10.1038/s41377-021-00513-w.
[3] _JSFR-SIM_, Z. Wang et al., “High-speed image reconstruction for optically sectioned, super-resolution structured illumination microscopy,” AP, vol. 4, no. 2, p. 026003, Mar. 2022, doi: 10.1117/1.AP.4.2.026003.
[4] _MAI-SIM_, E. N. Ward et al., “MAI-SIM: interferometric multicolor structured illumination microscopy for everybody.” arXiv, Jun. 01, 2022. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2206.00532.
[5] _ML-SIM_, C. N. Christensen, E. N. Ward, P. Lio, and C. F. Kaminski, “ML-SIM: A deep neural network for reconstruction of structured illumination microscopy images,” arXiv, arXiv:2003.11064, Mar. 2020. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2003.11064.
[6] _OpenSIM_, A. Lal, C. Shan, and P. Xi, “Structured Illumination Microscopy Image Reconstruction Algorithm,” IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Quantum Electronics, vol. 22, no. 4, pp. 50–63, Jul. 2016, doi: 10.1109/JSTQE.2016.2521542.
